Gerraro was one of the first escapees in the Tower, and he claimed much of its treasure as his own. Around him, rumours abound. He's said to be the richest man alive, as well as immortal. Many fear facing him in battle; his massive collection of magical items, the extent of which is unknown, leaves his combat capabilities a mystery. He belongs to no faction, and has stolen from everyone: the Mafia, the Rebels, and every Agency. Though he's a criminal, he's a valued ally of every faction in the Tower due to his vast knowledge and consistent neutrality in conflict.

Gerraro's greatest prize is his hideout, a world of his own which houses bandits and runaways. Due to his special status, the hideout is sheltered from the larger conflicts of the Tower, making it a popular destination for refugees. When they arrive however, they find it to be a lawless place full of dangerous criminals. What little order there is comes from the influence of Gerraro and the Mafia, who use it as a safe-house and recruitment ground.

Surrounding Gerraro are bands of hired mercenaries, from all walks of life. They're given paid contracts to retrieve certain items, gather information, or assassinate targets directly from Gerraro himself. This revolving cast loosely centred around the thief king is commonly referred to as "Gerraro's Bandits". Though they're referred to collectively, you would be mistaken to assume any organization or loyalty among its members. Affiliations with the group only last for as long as they're profitable for both parties. Members of the Rebels, the Mafia, and even the Agencies will occasionally join temporarily to meet some personal aim. The only rule is that signed contracts must not be broken. Those who would cheat the thief king soon discover the might of his magical arsenal.

The Players gathered today are new members of the banditry, each joining for their own reason, be it money, fame, or something else entirely. In order to be assigned to a challenging mission as newbies, they'll need to group up and tackle the mission as a team. For better or worse, they have no choice but to cooperate with each other.
